docs(gen): tutorials tag cleanup n to r (#5865)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/pushing-metrics-logs-from-scw-instance/index.mdx

## Configure the Grafana agent file and push your data

> 1. [Generate a token](/cockpit/how-to/create-token/) and select the push permissions for metrics and logs. Make sure you note down your token's secret key, as you will need it in the following steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Generate a token](/cockpit/how-to/create-token/) and select the push permissions for metrics and logs. Make note of your token's secret key, as you will need it in the following steps.
```
